yeah welcome everybody to the high
school leaky sink for Monday the 23rd of
March 2020 we're going to talk about all
the exciting stuff that is going on in
my professors and implementations so we
have most of initiatives we can apply
through them and discuss where
everything is okay the first one is the
upcoming ship with upcoming releases
yeah so we are definitely trying to wrap
everything up
we also have a couple more actors in
terms of migrations and we're almost
ready with the back in court next
barcode so everything is landing but
it's still like weird yeah trying to
like wrap things up so hopefully by the
end of today in a couple of days gonna
be mostly but we will continue sprinting
until we can get something working and
you probably will continue testing once
the RC goes out but we want something
pretty sure want to start asking people
to test it I leave a startup robots and
no one fixes bugs which will destroy
focus so yeah that's the crap in there
anyone ever jst oh yeah so I can meet
you fail to do a patch release last week
and hoping to do a passions this week
and never leave most BFS into the core
and when they actually leave split the
leaves holes package now is the mono
repo on because it's depending on a
bunch of different places from Sony
together is released independently so
we've moved a half because you know
nothing slow and also I don't know if
they might be an implication that it's
trying to do too much but session yet so
hopefully do a fax with me
school waiting on upgrade Justin in
person I wrote the old me to do yep
there you go yeah we shipped vo3
last week the features are on the on the
release link that I provided so if you
want to get into details on what
actually the new feature sets are that's
then we got half of our our dev team
back when Anton came back so we were at
one of two and now we're back to two of
two so that's we're back to full
strength
we have and just finishing week one of
our version ODOT for sprint and those
features that we're working on are in
our community feature planning document
which is link there and then we have
recently on-boarded hugo to try to bring
a JavaScript browser slash node
functionality and that's a deliverable
that we have this week to build out that
spec so that's what happened last week
for test ground any questions when test
one becomes compatible we are notes and
does that mean that you have to be
compatible with other languages or be
specific for yes
it's specifically jeaious it is
specifically Jas I do suspect that as
part of the plan is that you know once
we can get the JavaScript going then the
next one might be rust you know or we
can then onboard and switch but I think
right now we're working serially with
the small team we have rather than
parallel all over the board good
question good question anybody else my
understanding is that the the many
things that need porting are like the
SDK that does things like talk to Redis
so probably if there was someone in the
ecosystem who was working on rust things
who wanted to help move that along they
can be shepherded along to do so because
the coffee implementations are already
there and go
yeah you're you're absolutely right
that's that's a function of Labor you
know it's a function of having team
members that are willing to you know
wait and do that so right now we're just
kind of you know we're running as fast
as we can but this is as fast as we can
run it and we on-boarded you know Hugo
so that's you know that was a bonus and
a blessing on the surface but again if
someone else wants to pick this up I'm
happy to onboard them in change and
Shepherd them and show them how did you
know what we're doing and how to do it
good question they did not good question
all right
illusion can cause of Allah
so content routing is we are like
crunching right now to go through all
the DHT changes auto net changes get
everything polished up we're doing a lot
of testing and test ground right now and
then making tweaks as we discover issues
through benchmarking so we're crunches
through that hopefully we'll get an RC
as Steven already said this week here is
long today why is it yeah a little bit
delayed I spent a lot of time trying to
get my head around Google cloud the
infrastructure and communities which I
never used before but the Hydra the
Hydra is in a state where we've deployed
a couple fighters with a few heads each
and they are exposed publicly to the
network and they are getting peers and
doing their thing and that's only
happened today basically and I'm
currently just working on hooking graph
on up to the metrics so that we can
actually figure out if what we're doing
is the right thing and if everything is
going you know breaking or you know just
stuff is stuff is happening properly so
that's taken a little bit longer than I
really wanted but it's because of the
way the Google cloud is set up it would
have been creatively expensive to do it
one way so we've decided to do it
another way.the way and that will allow
us to open up hundreds and hundreds of
ports without costing thousands and
thousands of pounds so that's good yeah
so the next step is just to get Gravano
working and check that the metrics that
we are getting are as expected and if
there's more things we want to collect
and then present it and be like that's
that bits done and we can move on to the
to another stage a beehive spin it a
little bit focused on that for at the
moment so it's it's coming and we're
gonna see that the moment got to hydras
with a couple heads each the I plan is
to ramp that up add more and more heads
and you know keep monitoring it and to
check that it's all still working so
yeah early days but we're getting it
with with actually having something
available
you
while supposed to home under caution
cool something line gateway is the entry
origin isolation right maybe I'll make
it more interesting it's on track to be
included Ingo aquifers 0.5 and I've
shipped better our browser extension
activist companion
we've initial preview of support for
localhost subdomain gateway which works
everywhere and to demonstrate stats I
got a box which is not able to resolve
subdomains on localhost however I also
have IP fest companion here and this is
a regular website which I now open and
what happened is ipfs companion sets up
HTTP proxy it sets up go up EFS to act
as HTTP proxy which means it's able to
resolve local subdomains even if
underlying operating system even if all
operating systems the DNS resolver is
not able to do that that's probably just
any Linux distributions but it means
even on those niche runtimes
this type of proxy will still work so
there's the battle version available for
Firefox Chrome users well we'll have to
wait or install it manually my plan is
to wrap this up and make a stable
release as soon as possible so it takes
about a week to be accepted at Chrome
Web Store and we want to have support
for those subdomains if for go ipfs is
released so that's my plan
so cool
it's for updates now so she really wants
the D for its is it one day yeah like we
should throw like a huge say give you
one party when that is done well this
release was the next release of work
like just proxxon I can mister I oh
we're like just a regular mayonnaise I
haven't happy thought like that the proc
sink of the domain is problematic
because there is XD PS and there are
HSTs headers which browser hey for this
domain name you only use HTTP and if you
proxy it on the local home to the local
host you won't have a TLS certificate
sleep check that somehow like detect the
air and then look back out I really want
to be able to go to like justify Krista
I own have it loads might get yes yes I
don't need this is insecure warning
whatever it is try to make it an option
we'll see
it's rope updates I can give them or a
couple of them yeah so we have some goat
farming Putin's happen this week did you
like rock go faster gateways big notice
there's a want lessly
let me track down before we actually
doesn't release for like what list tends
to grow over time and it does shrink by
sometimes for some reason we just don't
drink it yeah so deep gross and then I
don't know if it's in js9
you
yeah I don't think there's any Mercer
Bears Jesse the under Derek we're just
talking about the Dixville improvements
sorry okay go okay we can come back that
thing is that okay minimum so the
streaming content is chunking in
research ingredients yes
so last week I finished pretty much all
the functionality for the dag
import/export there are still a few
needs with progress on the CLI and
things like that which I'm hoping up
right now
also over the weekend I had an actual
epiphany how to do proper multi CPU
streaming processing of unordered stream
so now actually I can correct you just
need to hash individual blocks while
keeping their orders so I produce the
same CID as fast as the CPU will allow
so that's awesome and this will
definitely find its way into maybe a
test some point there is actually a link
in the document where you can see proof
of things just being amount of course
times faster for the same CID and that's
it make sure I have for now I look
forward to any idea of issues taking
same things likewise come up here first
using even a new CPU cuz it really eats
money yes okay our next obstacle / it's
go away okay
so regarding service the deployment to
PR with the docker file and also
Prometheus instrumentation was margin
was too
so this basically I will allow the infra
Jim to Italy
the server's as well as our Libyan ipfs
users as this was also added to docker
up and it will be waited for them to
deploy so now I'm waiting on the final
comments and jessup AFS and just lived
to be browser examples and iteration
peers and with that I hope to this week
get the final release of starters chips
and follow up with limiting freedom of
Liberty to deploy a couple servers so
that we can add people experimenting
with it and that's it for me most of
them I will get for that soon as
possible
okay once it onto our new rust
implementation this is that this is
secret sizing this is the first just
update it is the best one that I'm very
very sorry you're not there so take it
away the Rosco must take initiative all
right
yes we are working through a dev grant
right now from from protocol very
graciously given to us and phase there's
three phases of the grant phase 1.0 1.1
and 1.2 phase 1.0 is complete and we
have submitted the milestone report
there i've linked that in the notes so
you can read through what we've done is
mostly just set up and getting the
conformance testing framework running
and then from there we're running that
against for endpoints per phase as we're
working through right now phase 1.1 I
would love to blame it all on the global
pandemic that's going on right now but
unfortunately we had some problems
internally to dealing with rust lip PPP
some incompatibilities there or
something created to work around and
some refactoring that we had to do
caused a bit of a delay but I think it's
gonna only gonna be about a week and
we've notified the appropriate people at
protocol about that there's a ten points
two of them are done one of them is
almost done and then from the yeah two
are done one's almost done and one is in
progress for phase one we put on one and
then phase one point two will be able to
tackle bit swap breaths pluck and dag
and that should give people what they
need to create some IPL the applications
so that should be very exciting at the
end of all that that's all for me
the question is why yeah
I'd say yeah you've mentioned the end
points quite a lot is the work just to
have like a HTTP API available or is
there a rust CLI tool as well yeah so we
have an executable that reservoir now is
a CLI that gives you in it in daemon and
then from there it spins up all the
appropriate HTTP endpoints our metric
that we're using is the number of HTTP
endpoints that are implemented by
running the interface ipfs core tests as
well as the Interop ipfs / interrupt
tests against it
so CLI full you know to be able to type
ipfs dag add whatever is not in the
scope of the grant as it's written but
all the HTTP endpoints will be right so
you can yeah in it create a demon and
then interact with it through the HTTP
API as you guys should please so then I
guess yeah also I'm sorry it's also
installable as a crate you know rust
library so you can use it within other
rust applications as well which is also
very awesome oh
okay cutting sheet is now the chicken
tender do you think what it's not
implemented in go and we now actually
have a person that we have a
Randy who it's a high performance and
choice like the first so this is still a
pin lock and we have to catch up the
other we hadn't had a chance to
integrate the feedback from the map into
the PR the next one is distributed
signal Jacob
yeah we're going to be looking at spec
work in q2 to get the spec finalized for
that so we can start working on
potentially go with the JSF lamentation
migration into mulch
Brooksville yes mentioned there there is
discussion ongoing about whether that is
the right approach and it's not going
into these sweeties
and we'll see yeah
last week I call for a meeting I'm
actually recorded we're going to hold
that time meeting but the track month of
April because at the moment we have way
too many cool that's
and initiatives anything design review
through here walkers and asks questions
awesome
I actually have a question about command
package but that's just for Steven if
you have time after the call so I don't
take everybody else's thing how did you
some communication works within the
diamond I see a once-popular anything
anything else to discuss them
you
I guess not in that case we are at the
end of the meeting if you do make sure
you fill in your basic updates and that
would be lovely
thank you very much for coming this has
been me
IPS core we can sync for Monday the 23rd
of March 2020
stay safe over there wash your hands
don't touch your face burning of
judgment it face about 5 fine-tunes
meeting like literally cannot stop see
you next week Thanks hi folks thanks
Alex
who's good